marnik welcome to Preston north and it's
it seemed like a long time coming really
because of the the way things have
panned out over the last week or so you
must be delighted though that that after
everything you've gone through in sort
of seven days or so that it's finally
completed
yeah really happy it's finally completed
I heard a long time ago that Preston was
interested and well I wanted to play
regular football and Preston was the
right choice I think was he you heard of
some interest initially I think from a
former teammate and and and now current
Preston North End teammates yes I spoke
to him a couple of times and he said it
was really enjoying it nice Stadium
good lad a good group of lads and
everything so I was looking looking
forward to to sign the the only years
loan and to play as many games I'm
speaking about will keno cost there and
he was with you for three years at
Manchester United it was with you on
loan as well at Sheffield Wednesday last
season so be it be good to have a
familiar face in the dressing room yeah
of course it's always good if you know
where no player well when you come into
a new team he can help you out he knows
he knows this stuff how it's I what's
going on here how everything works so
I've got questions I know I can rely on
them you've come on loan but it's for a
year which is a good thing because you
know well it's difficult when you go on
loan you're thinking where am I going to
be but you know you're here for the full
season and the very least and that's
that's important for a player isn't it
it's really important now with the team
we know what the objectives will be for
this season and let's make the best of
it you've played in the championship
last season so you've got experience to
bring into that dressing room of knowing
what it's about and it's a case of just
getting going
of course we want to get the get off to
a good start you know the first game is
going to be difficult a great opponent
but those are the games that everybody
looks forward to plus it's on television
so that's an extra motivation yeah
absolutely you go you go straight into a
real humdinger of a tide only side that
probably everybody expects to probably
get promoted the embassies and it it's
live on TV big crowd inside deep Dallas
that's why in what you come here for of
course as a young player that's that's a
dream from me when
were young you always looked at all the
games the Premier League and everything
playing for the big crowds so let's go
in the win the game on Sunday be a good
learning experience but you would
Manchester United we've as a club spoke
to people I war enjoy co-operative his
own great connection with the club we
said great things about you
they've been a lot of her connections
over the years players who've been there
and will keen been been the latest one
and that's as another and familiar path
you following yeah I looked on it as
well and a couple of players are there I
know when I've played with I've come
here as well so well I spoke to world
before and he said he's really enjoying
it so my choice was I made my choice
immediately to comment or impress Norden
you've played international football for
Belgium and fellow and Belgian
international richard de la tease at
less than now he came alone here as well
in the past there's a bit of a bit of a
history following there yeah I know I
was good good friends with Ritchie as
well when he was still at Manchester
United he helped me out in the beginning
when I wasn't you dare so well I haven't
spoken to him now but I knew we enjoyed
it down here as well so let's make the
best of it you came here a few days ago
you got a chance to look round see I can
see what the facilities are about behind
you it's all getting ready now for the
weekend it must excite you the fact that
it's just a couple of days away of
course every player he wants once that
the season starts again and I'm not I'm
not different if you see this the
stadium if you see the pitch the shape
of the pitch how now said look how nice
it looks
well every single player looks forward
to that and going to a good bit of form
nice goals are on last weekend as well
so I'm hoping to bring bring a bit of
that too deep now yeah of course there
that's one of my qualities as well going
forward so it's always nice to score a
goal like like this ball I wasn't the
most important thing we just want to win
in some day obviously you mentioned the
qualities that was going to be my next
question
and to press them fans who probably
haven't seen a lot of you what can you
tell us about yourself as a player
well like I just said my strong points
are going for
I'm pretty quick as well delivery so
hopefully I can contribute contribute to
that and make sure that we we get the
right results on yet this season you've
been given the number two shirts
hopefully an opportunity to to pull it
on for the first time Sunday it'll mean
a lot walking out of that tunnel and
getting started straightaway of course
it's a privilege to get the number
it just gives like like something extra
you know that they did that they believe
in you and everything so that was my
choice as well with every talks that
with the talks that I had here with the
people from Preston I just fell fell at
home straight away and that's for me
that's really important to get the right
feeling at the at this time so I think I
made made a very good choice
we're delighted to have you and good
luck thank you very much